Improve contributing (#38)
v-community/v_by_example: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributing

## General
Please ensure your pull request adheres to the following guidelines:

* New example or improvements to existing examples are welcome.
* Please check your spelling and grammar.

## Adding a New Example

> To add a new example, create the file under the appropriate directory in `./examples`. Please check our `.plan` file to see what examples we plan to create. Feel free to work on any pending examples. We're happy to read your changes and collaborate/code with you to merge them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new example, create a new folder and a file or a file (depending upon the example) under the appropriate directory in `./examples`. Please check the `.plan` file to see what examples we plan to create. Feel free to work on any pending examples. We're happy to read/review your changes and collaborate/code with you to merge them.
```
